In common features the distribution is given by what's called a Gaussian.
Gaussian is a continuous function over the space of
locations in the area underneath sums up to one.
So use our Gaussian again and if we call
the space X then the Gaussian is characterized by two parameters.
The mean, often abbreviated with the Greek letter Mu,
and the width of the Gaussian,
often called the variance.
And for reasons that I don't want to go into,
it's often written as a quadratic variable,
Sigma square so any Gaussian is 1-D,
which means the parameter space of a year is one dimensional,
is characterized by Mu and Sigma squared.
Our task in common spaces is to maintain a Mu and a Sigma squared
as our best estimate of the location of the option we are trying to find.
The exact formula is an exponential of a quadratic function.
If we take the exponent of this complicated expression over here,
the quadratic difference of our query point X relative to
the mean Mu divided by Sigma square by [inaudible] minus a half.
Now if X equals Mu then the enumerator becomes 0 and we have exp of zero which is one.
It turns out we have to normalize this by a constant,
one over the squared root of two Pi Sigma squared.
But for every thing we talked about today this constant won't matter so ignore it.
What matters is we have an exponential of a quadratic function over here.
So let me draw you a couple of functions and you tell me
which one you believe are Gaussian by checking the box on the right side.
And please excuse my poor drawing skills here.